
200 OK  The request succeeded. The result meaning of "success" depends on the HTTP method:GET: The resource has been fetched and transmitted in the message body.HEAD: The representation headers are included in the response without any message body.PUT or POST: The resource describing the result of the action is transmitted in the message body.TRACE: The message body contains the request message as received by the server.201 CreatedThe request succeeded, and a new resource created as a result. This is typically the response sent after POST requests, or some PUT requests


400 Bad RequestThe server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.401 UnauthorizedAlthough the HTTP standard specifies "unauthorized", semantically this response means "unauthenticated". That is, the client must authenticate itself to get the requested response.402 Payment RequiredThis response code is reserved for future use. The initial aim for creating this code was using it for digital payment systems, however this status code is used very rarely and no standard convention exists.403 ForbiddenThe client does not have access rights to the content; that is, it is unauthorized, so the server is refusing to give the requested resource. Unlike 401 Unauthorized, the client's identity is known to the server.404 Not FoundThe server can not find the requested resource. In the browser, this means the URL is not recognized. In an API, this can also mean that the endpoint is valid but the resource itself does not exist. Servers may also send this response instead of 403 Forbidden to hide the existence of a resource from an unauthorized client. This response code is probably the most well known due to its frequent occurrence on the web.


500 Internal Server Error  The server has encountered a situation it does not know how to handle.

400 Bad Request
The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.

401 Unauthorized
Although the HTTP standard specifies "unauthorized", semantically this response means "unauthenticated". That is, the client must authenticate itself to get the requested response.

402 Payment Required
This response code is reserved for future use. The initial aim for creating this code was using it for digital payment systems, however this status code is used very rarely and no standard convention exists.

403 Forbidden
The client does not have access rights to the content; that is, it is unauthorized, so the server is refusing to give the requested resource. Unlike 401 Unauthorized, the client's identity is known to the server.

404 Not Found
The server can not find the requested resource. In the browser, this means the URL is not recognized. In an API, this can also mean that the endpoint is valid but the resource itself does not exist. Servers may also send this response instead of 403 Forbidden to hide the existence of a resource from an unauthorized client. This response code is probably the most well known due to its frequent occurrence on the web.
